[REVIEW] Added in option to staticlly link against cudart (#343)
rapidsai/rmm: CMakeLists.txt

option(BUILD_TESTS "Configure CMake to build tests" ON)
option(BUILD_BENCHMARKS "Configure CMake to build (google) benchmarks" OFF)

###################################################################################################
# - cudart options --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# cudart can be statically linked or dynamically linked the python ecosystem wants dynamic linking

> if(CMAKE_CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY MATCHES "^Static$")

Author: Sorry this does not actually work to default to dynamic on newer versions of CMake and CMake itself is setting it to Static by default.  We could switch to use a different config or I could look int seeing if it was set on the command line some how.

> if(CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY AND CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY MATCHES "^Static$")

Reviewer: Can we just make this an `ON` / `OFF` instead of a string match? I.e.:
```
option(CUDA_STATIC_RUNTIME "Statically link the CUDA runtime" OFF)
```

> if(CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY AND CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY MATCHES "^Static$")
>     message(STATUS "Enabling static linking of cudart")
>     set(CUDART_LIBRARY "cudart_static")
> else()
>     set(CUDART_LIBRARY "cudart")
> endif(CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY AND CUDA_RUNTIME_LIBRARY MATCHES "^Static$")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(CUDA_STATIC_RUNTIME "Statically link the CUDA runtime" OFF)

if(CUDA_STATIC_RUNTIME)
    message(STATUS "Enabling static linking of cudart")
    set(CUDART_LIBRARY "cudart_static")
else()
    set(CUDART_LIBRARY "cudart")
endif(CUDA_STATIC_RUNTIME )
```
